Quote URL arguments in analyze-ci `SKILL.md` to prevent zsh glob expansion (#21353)
mlflow/mlflow: .claude/skills/analyze-ci/SKILL.md

## Usage

> > **Note:** Always single-quote URLs to prevent zsh from treating `?` in query parameters (e.g., `?pr=123`) as a glob wildcard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** Always single-quote URLs to prevent the shell from interpreting special characters (e.g., `?` in query parameters).
```

🤖 Generated with Claude
